in late 2004, suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern's radio show from four citadel stations, citing stern's frequent discussions regarding his upcoming move to sirius satellite radio.
the wounds inflicted by a club are generally known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries.
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder (matchcover) enclosing a quantity of matches and having a coarse striking surface on the exterior.
none of the authors, contributors, sponsors, administrators, vandals, or anyone else connected with wikipedia, in any way whatsoever, can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river, later sometimes called "prussia proper".
historically, the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently, where it was found that itch has several features in common with pain, but exhibits notable differences.
most irc servers do not require users to register an account but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected.
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both.
cogeneration (also combined heat and power, chp) is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat.
tajikistan, turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north, iran to the west, pakistan to the south and the people's republic of china to the east.
brunstad has several fast food restaurants, a cafeteria-style restaurant, coffee bar, and its own grocery store.
weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behaviour.
waugh writes that charles had been "in search of love in those days" when he first met sebastian, finding "that low door in the wall... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden", a metaphor that informs the work on a number of levels.
graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943, when he graduated with a ba in anthropology.
on june 24 1979 (the 750th anniversary of the village), glinde received its town charter.
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame, more than any other current position, while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted.
it was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters.
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux (february 13, 1921 november 11, 1968), was a french organist, pianist, composer, and pedagogue.
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either situated toward or grow off that side of an animal.
this was absorbed into battalions being formed for xi international brigade.
the sat reasoning test (formerly scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test) is a standardized test for college admissions in the united states.
the sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration.
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts (mma) promotion billed as the world's first mma league.
one side of the armed conflicts is composed mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed, a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of the northern rizeigat region in sudan.
gable also earned an academy award nomination when he portrayed fletcher christian in 1935's mutiny on the bounty.
since the end of the 19th century eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry.
in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia, and thenceforth its history merges first with that of the states of the church, then (1860) with the united kingdom of italy.
usually portrayed as being bald, with long whiskers, he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar.
the singles from the album included "by the way", "the zephyr song", "ca n't stop", "dosed" and "universally speaking".
in 1990, mark messier took the hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes, the difference being a single first-place vote.
terms such as "undies" for underwear and "movie" for "moving picture" are oft-heard terms in english.
at four-and-a-half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years, living in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children.
the spacecraft consists of two main elements: the nasa cassini orbiter, named after the italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini, and the esa huygens probe, named after the dutch astronomer, mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens.
that same year he also received a mechanics certificate, becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york.
jeddah is the principal gateway to mecca, islam's holiest city, which able-bodied muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime.
this leads to consumer confusion when 220 (1,048,576) bytes is referenced as 1 mb (megabyte) instead of 1 mib.
dr. david lindenmeyer (australian national university) has argued that the need for nest boxes indicates that logging practices are not ecologically sustainable, for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater's possum.
a fee is the price one pays as remuneration for services, especially the honorarium paid to a doctor, lawyer, consultant, or other member of a learned profession.
aliteracy (sometimes spelled alliteracy) is the state of being able to read but being uninterested in doing so.
on june 1, 1972, he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were apprehended after a lengthy shootout in frankfurt.
the island chain forms part of the hebrides, separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch, the little minch and the sea of the hebrides.
there he had one daughter, later baptized as mary ann fisher power, to ann (e) power.
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in new york city that existed from 1952 to 1995.
the tarantula, the trickster character, spun a black cord and, attaching it to the ball, crawled away fast to the east, pulling on the cord with all his strength.
the term "protein" itself was coined by berzelius, after mulder observed that all proteins seemed to have the same empirical formula and might be composed of a single type of (very large) molecule.
defiantly, she vowed to never renounce the commune, and dared the judges to sentence her to death.
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location.
the vagina is remarkably elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth.
plot captain caleb holt (kirk cameron) is a firefighter in albany, georgia and firmly keeps the cardinal rule of all firemen, "never leave your partner behind".
prior to the arrival of the storm, the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks.
this was demonstrated in the miller-urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953.
later, esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves, even if esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations.
tickets can be retailed for national rail services, the docklands light railway and on oyster card.
anyone may register a pedigree with the college, where they are carefully internally audited and require official proofs before being altered.
alternative views on the subject have been proposed throughout the centuries (see below), but all were rejected by mainstream christian bodies.
bremer reported plans to put saddam on trial, but claimed that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined.
finally in 1482 the order dispatched him to florence, the ‘ city of his destiny ’.
it will then dislodge itself and sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal.
furthermore, she appeared in several music videos, including "it girl" by john oates and "just lose it" by eminem.
during an interview, edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists, lamenting the fact that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist.
so far the 'celebrity' episodes have included vic reeves, nancy sorrell, gaby roslin, scott mills, mark chapman, simon gregson, sue cleaver, carol thatcher, paul o'grady and lee ryan.
on 16 june 2009, the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band's website.
moderate to severe damage extended up the atlantic coastline and as far inland as west virginia.
he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha: the death of minnehaha, overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha's departure.
these ideally provide excellent habitat for chinkara, hog deer and blue bull.
fives is a british sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports.
the crosier symbolises the monasteries of the region.
giardia lamblia (synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis) is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonises and reproduces in the small intestine, causing giardiasis.
this resulted in both montenegro and serbia becoming independent countries.
military career donaldson enlisted in the australian army on 18 june 2002.
the body color varies from medium brown to gold-ish to beige-white; and occasionally, is marked with dark brown spots, especially on the limbs.
the historical method comprises the techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history.
the prime minister stays in office only as long as he or she retains the support of the lower house.
during childhood she suffered from collapsed lungs twice, she had pneumonia 4-5 times a year, a ruptured appendix, and had a tonsillar cyst.
on october 14, 1960, presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the concept of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union.
convinced that the grounds were haunted, they decided to publish their findings in a book an adventure (1911), under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont.
from 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were constructed on campus, including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs, a chemistry building, a building for the natural sciences, hill auditorium, large hospital and library complexes, and two residence halls.
google subsequently made the comic available on google books and their site and mentioned it on its official blog along with an explanation for the early release.
in return, rollo swore fealty to charles, converted to christianity, and undertook to defend the northern region of france against the incursions of other viking groups.
the current lineup of the band comprises flynn (vocals, guitar), duce (bass), phil demmel (guitar), and dave mcclain (drums).
after the sena dynasty, dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608.
jurisdiction draws its substance from public international law, conflict of laws, constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to allocate resources to best serve the needs of its native society.
the pad called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra, samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat, whom the pad accused of being proxies for thaksin.
her notorious friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important factor in her life.
in april 1862, ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery whilst in the company of frank gardiner.
the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage.
he served as the prime minister of egypt between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1948.
george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for george, elector of hanover (who eventually became george i of great britain).
perry saturn (with terri) defeated eddie guerrero (with chyna) to win the wwf european championship (8:10) saturn pinned guerrero after a diving elbow drop.
wario land the wario land series is a platforming series that started with wario land: super mario land 3, a spin-off of the super mario land series.
james i appointed him a gentleman of the chapel royal, where he served as an organist from at least 1615 until his death.
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship (14:10) venis pinned rikishi after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera.
prospectors from california, europe and china were also digging along the peel river and up the mountain slopes.
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew, namely - and the gospel of luke, specifically -.
instead, the crew fashioned a trailer with a cantilevered arm attached to the "hovercraft" and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita.
in 1963 an extension was added, curving north from union station, below university avenue and queen's park to near bloor street, where it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets.
barneville-la-bertran is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france.
summerslam (2009) is an upcoming professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by world wrestling entertainment (wwe), which will take place on august 23, 2009 at staples center in los angeles, california.
like previous assessment reports, it consists of four reports, three of them from its working groups.
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb, but he is later distracted by something (usually involving his personal life) that makes him run out of time.
